there are two people in me I would like
to be Maria but there is the Calais that
I have to live up to who has to win
maria callas what brings you out of life
maria callas she's the greatest only for
her what I do this to misha would be
really a crime this woman is undoubtedly
the greatest singer of this century as a
technician she's magnificent as an
actress she is magnetic
many people are under the impression
that your Italian born New York third
nonprofit proud of that - Leonard
Bernstein calls Adam Collis your
electricity well you really did fire
Maria Callas from the metropolitan Maria
Carlos isn't fired Maria Callas is
severed Laurie goes to people's heads
not my head
Laurie terrifies me
I would have preferred to have a happy
family and have children I would have
given up his career with pleasure but
destiny is destiny and there's no way
out
aristotle onassis it is a good friend
honest he leads me as a friend because I
would tell them the truth not that for
you men like the truth an artist
develops into things by instinct but we
learn we suffer we mature I have to feel
what I do
[Applause]
[Music]